not getting killed as much anymore what
does that mean is that isn't that good
no it's like every battlefield game that
I played it's like oh hey I got killed
hey don't have to I don't think that's
changed too much of us all sick as the
maps are a little bit smaller yeah no no
this one seems pretty big gnarly not
compared to all the other side like
there's a spectacle mud were a big hole
of duty man this is a wreck Oh kind of
some call duty maps are about the size
slinky slinky make it didn't kill I got
you I got you what button good uh oh
shit I'm not going
yeah I'm Gavin moving up I'm there I
find that offensive and races to my
people we don't have that access I wish
I can actually see with that eotech
excitement so bad I used to comp for
that's what i'm using a fucking reckon I
don't ever use yo tech side apparel i'm
actually using ass Jesus I got that
David I'm using it I don't think careful
work site I'm trying to keep for you
pretty much I'm trying to keep be clean
what the fuck i did a hundred Danis joke
I did go up they go the team kill I
gotta put a hundred damage assist count
you kill oh that's annoying what James
Thank You team at that guy was shooting
me before he came around the corner yeah
well so smug Chuck great someone around
the corner for me and I have no grenades
fucking I'm going around time here we
Hills ahead toy oh you don't love a copy
grandpa see anyone a chair to give me a
map ease I got as a mammal prays before
oh crap the norm at that supposed to be
like crazy I'm cheer gasps oh my god
there are so many a seat I hit the book
so much to your guy all right dammit
thanks how does it look out there when
you died give me that shit oh she good
oh my god it takes us it takes so long
to blow up the cars with just regular
bullets how do we get see holy crap okay
you know what I got it see cuz I'm the
best I'm gonna try to keep the just
harass them and be ah I've got the wrong
thing B is fairly clean this is one guy
right here but other that's a sniper out
there shit shit shit that point to it
friend
no idea how you didn't get killed by
that no idea wow that shotgun kills the
crust on them hoes awesome someone
around the corner from me oh my god do
you see all them yep letarte arterial
now I'm good one fuck that's leaving the
combat area ha I killed someone of the
chair guy wow that's amazing oh love the
walls oh we already got it wow thanks
target host riding just get another
Kilgore one no mine come on come on get
again where you going Hebron round here
direction oh you know what he's taking a
different path he's making sure that we
feel different path lovely oh my gods
guys are available you know just little
switch line damn it let it let every
point up to a zip line up to a is up
fuck did you get the guys there for the
pole
well like I got fucked up as soon as
he's mine you saw I didn't you let's
take it you're too good got it mark here
Wednesday punched a lotta guys just my
lineup you yeah your lines still up all
right here we go I know there's
something here where is he in the
doorway package is on the point package
is on the point there's guys behind of
cars shit they're gonna get it away
we'll get it I'll RPG you I'll RPG him
I'm going up I'll get it whoa wow
there's a lot of guys there Paris camp
in that place okay I got one go go go
got it
see nothing to I get seven kills with
that shotgun goddamn that slug it's
pretty mean dude for reason slug shotgun
a boot if you touch my name is shocking
no better sleep I was usually 870 with a
slug okay oh it's fucking me I'm so cool
things how do we end up doing the same
amount of kills and that isn't good yeah
wow that's really annoying if you're in
borderless windowed mode in origin if
someone sends you messages all tabs you